Parsing JSON Data:

When a client sends data to your server (for example, via a POST request), 
that data is often sent in JSON format. The express.json() middleware parses 
this JSON data and makes it available in req.body within your route handlers.
Without this middleware, the JSON data sent in the request body would not be
automatically parsed, and you would need to manually handle it.

app.use(express.json());
how work going on actually behind the secen 

When you send this POST request, here's what happens behind the scenes:
Server Receives the Request: Your server sees that a request has been made to /user.
Server Reads the Name: The server looks inside the request body (the JSON data you sent) and extracts the name "John Doe".
Server Stores the Name: The server saves this name in a variable (in our example, the variable is storedName).
Server Responds: The server sends back a message to Postman saying, "User John Doe has been added!"
GET Request to /user:

Now, you want to see what name has been stored. You open your browser or Postman and go to http://localhost:7000/user.
Here's what happens behind the scenes:
Server Receives the Request: Your server sees that a request has been made to /user (but this time it's a GET request).
Server Checks the Stored Name: The server checks if the name "John Doe" (or any name) has been stored.
Server Responds: The server sends back a message saying, "Stored user name is: John Doe", which you see in your browser or Postman.
Simple Example:
Sending the Name (POST Request):

You send a POST request with the name "John Doe".
The server saves this name.
The server replies to Postman: "User John Doe has been added!"
Retrieving the Name (GET Request):

You visit http://localhost:7000/user.
The server checks what name it saved.
The server replies: "Stored user name is: John Doe", and you see this in your browser or Postman.
Summary:
POST /user: You send data (the user's name) to the server, and the server stores it.
GET /user: You request the stored data (the user's name), and the server sends it back to you.
